#SciFiSetting 



In the deep dark void of enless back that was space, you are alone and nothing will change that. That was what Julia's father had told her one night while he lay in a corner of their transport pod wasted on the reclaimed alchol substitute that he had bartered for on the last stop.

Julia sighed as she  leaned against the window of the tiny enclosed space that served as her hideaway from her father. Nothingo more than a small maintenance hatch used to service some of the harder to reach parts, it was a tiny space filled with loose wires, hot and cold pipe work and ungoddly amountof dust. Over the years she had been in the pod Julia had tried to make it more a home to hide away in; even though her father knew about it he rarely disturbed her when she was in there, more so that he could get some peace away from her.

She had used some rope she had found while off-pod and tied the loose wires into little bundles that lookedmore like the growths off the side of tree's; branches! They were branches not growths. Her teaching came mostly from her father and that was saying something. If it was notnuseful to making money then she was not taught it.

Never the less, back to her hideaway. To the anger of her father she had used her electrical skills to wire in some lights through the wires; it had annoyed her father to no end that she had disturbed the wires but he had finally let her keep them after the fifth or sixth beating, he must have got tired of beating her over it if she just kept doing it over and over again.

"You never learn, do you? You stupid leaching parasite."







